Kevin Kaspar: Alright cool. So we're on our alumni panel now. So just so the people on Zoom know we just had J. Lo, who's 1 of our most recent alums do a little Co building cohort culture like 30 min workshop, which was really cool. So we're coming off straight up off of that. That's why I took us a second. We're jumping right into an alumni panel. So they're gonna have questions, probably from J. Lo's thing. And also they'll have a bunch of questions for you guys.
Kevin Kaspar: So we have 4 alumni here. Lisa is actually Jlo's co-founder. So the 3 of them just graduated from tech centers, Oakland in spring of 2024, and then Andrew here graduated
Kevin Kaspar: December of 2023 in our text, our Chicago city program, our final one that we did so. It's very special. I I pride myself. I always remembering exactly what program every founder went off the top of my head. So why don't we do, Andrew? First? st Why don't you tell them about yourself and maybe. Yep.
Kevin Kaspar: Actually, we'll just start with intros, and then I'll give you a question.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Sure. Andrew Penner, I might be a little laggy. I'm sorry I'm at my son's football practice in the car.
Andrew Penner | Milo: But I'm the CEO of a startup called auto. And what we do is basically you know, help mortgage lenders and real estate agents improve client retention and lead conversion rates.
Andrew Penner | Milo: As Liliana said. We went through the program
Andrew Penner | Milo: at the end of 2023, and absolutely loved it.
Kevin Kaspar: Andrew, can you throw in a quick, like humble brag on your progress? Because I think you had to go some some, you know, injunctious moves.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, yeah, we had a, you know, a slow start. And then, now, you know, we just raised our
Andrew Penner | Milo: seed round or pre seed whatever semantics you want to throw on it.
Andrew Penner | Milo: institutionally led and growing 25% month over month and having a blast.
Kevin Kaspar: Lisa J. Lo! Already introduced Trevaris. So the the same travel company do you want to just introduce yourself.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Sure. Hi! I'm I'm Lisa. I'm the only brand person who's probably ever been in text us or I feel like that at least.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: we I was already telling Andrew we were obviously the best cohort ever the one and only Oakland.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: And we we had a really awesome time
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I joined, and our 3rd co-founder, Sergey, as well, joined right before text us earlier this year. So it was definitely a wild ride for the 3 of us to come together and then go straight into this awesome program. But I also think it helped us a lot because it gave us so much structure and support right from the get go. So it was really, really special. And I'm excited to see everyone again. Thanks for having me.
Kevin Kaspar: Lisa. I have a quick request your blog posts, your weekly blog post. Can you share a little bit about that? The inspiration behind that.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Sure I think you inspired that you talked about someone else doing something like that. And then I I thought about newsletters and all that to stop. But I felt like
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I just because it was so so probably unusual to have a brand person there. And now that we're going into raising our 1st round, our 1st seed round as well. We hear that a lot. Everyone's like. Why do you have a brand person in your in your founder, and like that early on. That doesn't make sense. I've worked with startups as a creative director for a really long time.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: On the outside. So I always felt like Brand is super important early on, and not just brand, as in a pretty logo on a pretty website or things like that, but like the design, thinking of it all, and like the consumer in the forefront.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: So going into techs initially, I actually thought I'm just a total misfit here. It won't make sense for me, but I just kind of wanted to commit to it 100%. And just like make the most of the experience and figured I'll share the that as it might be interesting for other people. So I did a weekly update on Linkedin and medium
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: and got huge responses to that. And it was just. It was just fun for me to kind of process it that way. So at the end of every week. I sat down, and I went through it, and I made a list of all the people that I want to thank and mentioned in it as well, but just also really vulnerably went through how the week was and what we're going through as a founding team and as a baby company. And
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I still do it every once in a while, not weekly, but I still do it, and I think people have been really liking it.
Kevin Kaspar: It's so good. It's like one of my favorite things to read on. Linkedin is her diaries of a brand person from tech stars. It's really, truly like so many great insights, so many learnings. But also, Lisa, you forgot to say that at the very beginning, when you're like I don't know if it would be a misfit. I was like, you need to do this and show people like show startups. That brand is important. And then we're gonna write a book about it.
Kevin Kaspar: and then that'll be like her. You know. New York Times. Best seller. That's so sweet. Yeah. Lisa's a very talented writer, and you're so you're so down on yourself. So I think you fit in just behind any.
Kevin Kaspar: Lisa really became a Jtvd queen. She's the one that did the presentations you guys are going to do on Thursday. Lisa was the one up there on the mic. And she did a great job. So she came in and learned all the business fundamentals just like anybody else. So if anyone else is struggling with imposter syndrome, I think that's great that Lisa brought that up like you might be coming in, saying, I don't have an Mba. I don't know this stuff. We try to make it so. Anybody
Kevin Kaspar: you're all here for a reason. You are your best. So I love that experience for me. So also, you guys all keep competing. I think every cohort is special in their own way. Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: yes, Hi, everybody. It's so good to be back here. I can't believe how how exciting this is. My name is Mircha. It's not spelled like you imagine, based on that. It's a Romanian name. Apparently. All of J. Lo's besties are Romanians. I'll expo me right. But in any case I am the CEO and founder of Cicada. On the one hand, we help musicians make more money from live gigs, and we help audiences
Kevin Kaspar: stay engaged at events. In fact, Jayla was recently talking about how she has a hard time dealing with what did you say? Events? I literally can't go to an event without cicada, because it drives me nuts. Once you experience cicada, which you will for demo Day. You can't go back. And it's really fucking, annoying. Yeah, we were really honored. Thank you, Jayla.
Kevin Kaspar: Say that to all of our prospective investors that work in industry. I'm like, please use cicada. Amazing. Sure. So yeah, I was really honored. We use the product. We use cicada at Demo Day. It was the tool that became the virtual brochure of the program. So when that time comes you're still far away from it. But Chloe and I will help you get set up with that so that you can hopefully book
Kevin Kaspar: a lot more meetings with investors and stuff. So yeah, that's me. I'm a musician, actually. So I'm also not the typical founder that you find you know in in the Texters.
Kevin Kaspar: So yeah. Sorry I had to jump in one. He organized a concert at the retreat at Lake Tahoe with 2 you had probably one of the most
Kevin Kaspar: unique breakthroughs with jobs to be done early on in the program. Yeah, absolutely. That moment is probably the reason why we still have a business today like it was extremely pivotal in our development. So we were interviewing musicians for our main customers. And we were really having a lot of trouble finding people that were excited to talk about
Kevin Kaspar: about monetization tools and augmented reality and all the stuff that we did, and we could not figure out why. And we noticed the trend that 2 or 3 people said, Oh, you know, you should actually talk to my manager about this
Kevin Kaspar: and so we had the idea, following the recipe, that you will all be given the Jdbd method of also interviewing artist managers because they are the ones responsible for handling the actual business of the musicians that we stock with our customers.
Kevin Kaspar: And once we started interviewing managers. It's like the gates of heaven opened, and you know Angel sang like they were so excited to talk to us that we had to stop the sign ups like we had to cancel the sign up Link, because we didn't have time to deal with all the interest. So all of that is to say, you know, follow the energy. You'll learn about that concept of high energy and low energy when you when you interview people, because we really uncovered that
Kevin Kaspar: we thought we were building cicada for ourselves, because we are musicians. Me and my co-founder mark are musicians. But we realized that we are actually self managed musicians. So we were musicians, but also our own artist managers, and Cicada was not appealing to our musician side. It was appealing to our manager side, and we had no idea, even though it's us that we're talking about. So we realized that it was the other half of what we do that could really benefit from our product. And that was pivotal. And we're still, you know, living off of that.
Kevin Kaspar: Also, you're in the presence of greatness, because I don't know if you all know this. But Mircha is the most awarded
Kevin Kaspar: classical musicians, guitarists in the world.
Kevin Kaspar: 1414 awards. So, Andrew, we'll start with you with some questions. Thank you guys for the intros. Andrew has about 20 min, because, as you can see, he's added some football game, so we'll just do a couple of questions for you, Andrew.
Kevin Kaspar: Easy 1 first.st What's your favorite memory from tech stars? And then I have a couple of hardware questions for you.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I like that one cause now it's been a while. So I really gotta draw on the memory bank.
Andrew Penner | Milo: and I.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I think.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Still, I gotta give one of my favorite tech stars memories at least. Being right before Demo Day
Andrew Penner | Milo: just prepping with everyone, and
Andrew Penner | Milo: you know, try, and it'll be natural when you get to that point, to have a lot of nerves.
Andrew Penner | Milo: and just the stuff that we did to try and shake those nerves, and, you know, really came together as a group. You build that bond throughout the entire program.
Andrew Penner | Milo: It's
Andrew Penner | Milo: I mean, it's 1 of the more rewarding parts of the program is the bond you get to build with the people in your cohort.
Andrew Penner | Milo: But then to see that all culminate in how people come together to ease other people who are nervous for Demo Day right?
Andrew Penner | Milo: And then also to push them like we were throwing stuff at each other to distract each other as we were
Andrew Penner | Milo: pitching, because we wanted to know that you know what. When the moment came we weren't going to freeze on stage. We were going to be able to rise to whatever occasion came our way, and
Andrew Penner | Milo: that was just kind of the culmination of everything and and something I'll never forget.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Obviously a lot of the social stuff is great, too.
Kevin Kaspar: I. We go and buy random stuff from the store for every class. I think Brad got you guys rubber chickens right.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, we were squeaking some rubber chickens. Those were
Andrew Penner | Milo: pretty damn loud. But did the job, that's for sure.
Kevin Kaspar: And then for these guys, we went and got dog toys. And we're having to throw a dog. So you'll see what we can find for you guys, Andrew. Okay, harder question. I remember in week one you were one of the founders that came to us and said, I already know, Xyz, I don't need to go to whatever workshop I'll let you tell the story. I I'm calling you out because I think that out there are always people that feel that way.
Kevin Kaspar: And I know that you came to like change your mind. Maybe I think you went out to breakfast with Neil or something, and had a chat
Kevin Kaspar: and completely had a mindset shift. So
Kevin Kaspar: with that, like as much as you'd like to share. Obviously it's a safe space. But I'd love you to tell that story.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, I mean changing my mind is a probably understatement of the year, because we pivoted our entire business model. We
Andrew Penner | Milo: like came into techstars as
Andrew Penner | Milo: trying to create this bold new vision of peer-to-peer home buying and selling
Andrew Penner | Milo: and we had the exact way we wanted to do it. I had left. You know, I maybe had a little more arrogance than I should have, just because I left a really good job was really familiar with real estate and the mortgage environment, and felt like we had the right path to be able to get there.
Andrew Penner | Milo: And you know the reality was looking back, we were never going to get there and so, being able to
Andrew Penner | Milo: get into tech stars in the 1st place and have the humility to say, you know what? We don't know, what we don't know. Let's embrace everything that we have. And you know, Neil, I think, does a great job. If you guys don't know this already. You will come to realize that
Andrew Penner | Milo: he does a great job of just not
Andrew Penner | Milo: giving advice, but just asking really good probing questions
Andrew Penner | Milo: that force you to give yourself advice in the way that you should have if you were more introspective. But instead, having that kind of outside input and some of those questions he asked.
Andrew Penner | Milo: You know, even getting down to some of my personal motivations what I thought was most viable for the company we were looking at a company like ours from the outside. What advice would we give them? And that kind of stuff just forced us to think in a radically different way, and we ended up pivoting to a b 2 b business model that would in turn support a B to C business model. That was kind of our long term vision, and that b 2 b business model has been thriving now. And so we owe a lot to
Andrew Penner | Milo: not only Neil Liliana Brad, who, you guys may not know. But
Andrew Penner | Milo: everyone in the tech stars team, they did. Okay?
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, we owe a lot to those people. And and, of course, to the tech Stars program as a whole for
Andrew Penner | Milo: giving us the confidence and the humility to take that pivot. In the 1st place.
Kevin Kaspar: Thank you for sharing that. I think that's awesome. And it was, was it financial modeling that you wanted to miss? And then you realized was like super important. I think there are a lot of people that want to miss that because we scared them all. But or why you decided it was useful. I think that's helpful.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, I mean, I didn't want to miss it, but I thought I had the world's best financial model. We had this financial model that was super complicated and felt in depth. Had a bunch of tabs, because it was like
Andrew Penner | Milo: I had run P. And l's for for a pretty big company, for, you know, 3, 4 years, and so I had a lot of confidence in terms of like what I would have wanted to see turned out what I would have wanted to see was not what investors would have wanted to see, and it also did me absolutely no good.
Andrew Penner | Milo: It was all looking in the rearview mirror instead of looking out the windshield, as Troy would say. And so
Andrew Penner | Milo: I still use our financial model weekly, like analyzing theoretical scenarios, because the way that you guys will see eventually how to build those financial models. They become one of the greatest weapons in your toolkit.
Andrew Penner | Milo: analyzing. Well, what if we add this expense? How's that going to affect our burn? What if we tried this marketing channel? How's that potentially going to affect
Andrew Penner | Milo: downstream revenue? And
Andrew Penner | Milo: you know. I yeah. Again, Troy does an absolutely incredible job, and I am glad that he ripped me apart in one line.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I mean, I forget what exactly the line was, but it was just something like
Andrew Penner | Milo: this has a lot of detail, but not much value, or something like that, and I was just like, Damn
Andrew Penner | Milo: alright!
Kevin Kaspar: They just submitted all of their pre work on Sunday. So they're gonna get sort of response.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah.
Andrew Penner | Milo: You guys need to place a humble pie, but it'll all be worth it.
Kevin Kaspar: For sure. This this is extremely helpful, Andrew. Thank you for your candor. Maybe my last question is probably, what do you wish? You would have known being just like a green founder day one or I guess we're on day 2 sitting in these seats. Picture yourself back in september of 2023, when you started. What do you wish you could tell that version of Andrew? That's all of these guys here.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, probably 2 things. One.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Nothing matters if you can't sell it. So being able to talk to your potential customers early on, like you can build the coolest product in the world, but if no one buys it, no one uses it. What the hell is the point
Andrew Penner | Milo: like our whole v 1 of the product, our whole theoret, like Mvp. That we went to market with.
Andrew Penner | Milo: we still use it, but we use it in a completely different way, because the way we originally built it, no one wanted to buy.
Andrew Penner | Milo: And so thankfully, we were able to salvage a lot of it. But yeah, you guys got to talk to customers early, and it's never too early to try and make sales.
Andrew Penner | Milo: The more revenue you can generate early on the more that's going to, you know. Get you better customer feedback. You're gonna be embarrassed. By the way, your product launches. And that's totally okay.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I mean, you're gonna get really good feedback and some Logos that that go a long way down the road.
Andrew Penner | Milo: so that's definitely one. And then the second.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I actually forgot now. But
Andrew Penner | Milo: yeah, I'll I'll stick with that one and let somebody else answer.
Kevin Kaspar: That was a really good one. Did you want to say anything else before you have to head out, Andrew?
Andrew Penner | Milo: Don't volunteer to coach football takes a lot more time than you expect.
Andrew Penner | Milo: no, you're about to embark on a really awesome journey. I can't emphasize enough how important it is to
Andrew Penner | Milo: get close to the people in your cohort. I mean, we've had people introduce us to
Andrew Penner | Milo: people who end up becoming customers, people who introduce us to mentors to investors.
Andrew Penner | Milo: and those can all come out of your cohort. They become your biggest supporters, your best friends, your confidants when shit starts hitting the fan.
Andrew Penner | Milo: And so, you guys, I mean, you'll go on the retreat and everything that's that's huge.
Andrew Penner | Milo: The other thing I was. Gonna say, I remembered it now, and
Andrew Penner | Milo: you know, I think you'll hear this probably a few different ways. But
Andrew Penner | Milo: Channel partnerships, especially if your b 2 b are one of the greatest growth hacks if you can eventually unlock those.
Andrew Penner | Milo: That was the major inflection point for our growth is we were trying to sell straight to customers.
Andrew Penner | Milo: and we were in a really challenged mortgage environment. And so, you know, it was not easy to sell to customers, but the second we started landing Channel partnerships.
Andrew Penner | Milo: We were able to get Logos that we wouldn't have otherwise gotten. We were able to talk to people who wouldn't give us the time of day before, and we were able to create a ton of momentum. And investors love to see that, too.
Andrew Penner | Milo: So try and find a way where you can kind of growth heck through channel partnerships if you're b 2 b.
Kevin Kaspar: That's awesome, Andrew. That was really good advice. I guess, before you go, how often do you still talk to classmates from your cohort, because we just heard from these 3 about how much they talk to their classmates.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, at least every couple of weeks we get together monthly. But I'm usually talking with 3 or 4 people from our cohort every couple of weeks
Andrew Penner | Milo: I crash with people. Whenever I go to Chicago it it becomes a bond that doesn't really fade.
Kevin Kaspar: I love that because you're this is almost a year out. So that's very impressive.
Kevin Kaspar: Cool. Okay, thank you, Andrew. We'll see you later.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Thanks guys.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, I've never seen anyone as dominant.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay? Sorry. I. I found his email from Troy, the feedback email. It's not as bad as he's making it sound. Okay? Same questions for you guys, and we'll go on a circle. We'll start with Lisa, and then your chin and Jlo, what is your favorite memory from your time in tech stars.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I can never say anything other than Lake Tahoe. Hot tub hot takes.
Kevin Kaspar: Are you? Gonna tell them what that means?
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Well, if you know, you know I think they get to make their own hot tub hot takes. But Lake Tahoe is really really special, and I think we got a bit scared like our our company. We are one of the older, like more grown up
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: founders in the mix. I think so when we heard that it's everyone in a big house it was kind of like, oh, shit! I'm too old for this, but it was the most fun and the most magical 3 days. It was so cool.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: And then very, very close. With that, I would say, coming back to the back the second time in the middle of the program. When it feels like you're back to school, and you get to see everyone again in person after being on zoom for weeks and weeks, and that felt really awesome, too, with like the pop rocks, energy in the room where everyone is super excited and thrilled to, to connect again.
Kevin Kaspar: I love that that's so sweet and cause you flew from very far right from Hawaii. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, that's awesome. So everybody who is going virtual. You can rest assured that the same energy will be here when you get back.
Kevin Kaspar: It's got to be the concert, and like Tahoe, I mean, I'm biased musicians here. Well, that's amazing. Okay, so here's here's what happened. Credit goes to my co-founder, mark because he's the one who really had the idea. He said. Look, man, we are 2 musicians to, you know.
Kevin Kaspar: very experienced musicians here, going to Lake Tahoe. We have our instruments. There is no way that we can let this opportunity pass up. And we thought we were just gonna pay play for people. But what actually ended up happening because of Valeria, another founder who's not here today? Is that the concert that began as us playing 2 people turned into a jam session
Kevin Kaspar: that continued until something like 3 Am. We were singing Southern Sicilian songs with Antonio in Italian, and doing like seventies hits. People were singing in Japanese. Remember that it was it was insane, and I think, really, if if I may take it a little bit more, Meta, my favorite memory is not even that
Kevin Kaspar: that experience itself, although it was magical, it was at the very end of the program when we were up on the roof, and Neil asked, or you asked, what was your favorite memory, and seeing, like
Kevin Kaspar: 20 people out of the 60, say how many people thought that that was one of the coolest things they wrote a song that, like we could participate in by like saying the melody. And it had all of our names in it. Yeah. And also, just so, you know, Mark actually came from Israel. So he didn't have his guitar. He went and thrifted one like, for, like 50 bucks, like a little kids, one for the retreat.
Kevin Kaspar: And it's at my house because you couldn't take it back to Israel. Someone plays bass, and you want Mark's toy base. Then let me know, and I'll you'll you'll get to use it, they'll become the textured base. Is it? Barresh?
Kevin Kaspar: Okay? So Lake Tamara was really awesome. I think there's so many great memories from there. But I personally really love the poker nights, not because I won every single night
Kevin Kaspar: like self organized poker nights. Yes, but it was just like really fun to bring everyone together. You'll find, like through the journey, that there will be other founders through the Tech Stars Network, Neil's besties they come through and like
Kevin Kaspar: kind of like, make space to meet them, get to know them. And every single person that you will learn from in this entire 12 week program. They're just so awesome their own ways and so creating spaces, whether it's coconut or potluck, or whatever. What have you like? That's the stuff that where the magic happens. So just I don't know. I'm I'm a big community builder, and I think, like making space for that. And like really.
Kevin Kaspar: making time to like get to know each other. That's those are the moments that you're gonna remember the most. So for me, it was poker nights. But for other people I think it's when you get to spend time with each other.
Kevin Kaspar: Oh.
Kevin Kaspar: that's great, Taylor. Okay. Next question for all 3 of you. We'll go back to Lisa. Biggest challenge you faced, or like regret that you have sort of just like one of the negatives that happened during program and what you learned from it. So either like I didn't do this. And I wish I did, or this happened. And I really made this anything personal, professional? Do you have something that comes to mind, Lisa.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Not like mistake, I would say. I think challenges obviously like to go all in. But I think that's also I'm really excited, and I would do that as like. The one recommendation I have is go all in, but it's it's hard, because most of you, probably at a time where your business doesn't pay you a salary.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I have 2 kids and another business that I was kind of trying to run with my husband on the side. So I completely neglected all of that, and that's just difficult.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Finding that like healthy boundary, where you can take care of yourself along the way while going all in, I think, was the biggest challenge for us, and then for me being remote, and then wanting to be there all the time, and the fomo of seeing the groups that form of all the people that are there and what they do. In the meantime, just finding that balance, I think, was was my biggest challenge, but also
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I would do that again any any time I would go all in. I think it was totally worth it.
Kevin Kaspar: Just kind of putting things on hold. Do you have any any advice? If people are kind of like struggling with that? Maybe not not being paid, and like having conflicting responsibilities because of that, you just you put it all on hold, and you don't regret it is what you're saying.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Yeah. Yeah. But it's I mean, it's probably not the smartest decision. Right? We've had a couple of people maintain their full time jobs while they did it.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I know that's not necessarily a favorite, and I think they like talking to them now. They feel like they missed out on quite a bit and they found a balance. But that's what they needed to do for their family. So I was lucky enough that we had one project that my husband could take over for the creative studio. That I only had to kind of jump in for a couple of days here and there throughout the whole program.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: So it worked out for me. It was probably not like
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: the financially smartest decision, but it to me it was worth it, and I think I'm happy. I'm lucky that my family kind of accepted that and was, was supporting me to go all in.
Kevin Kaspar: So kind of be creative in ways that you can make money or restructure your life, and then also it is an investment, and that it'll be worth it. Yeah. But also you need to do. I heard you say, like, if that's what your circumstances are, and you need to make money on the side. That's really interesting. Not a lot of people talk about that. But I'm sure it's on some people's minds. So thank you.
Kevin Kaspar: So there's 3 of us and all of us are coming from 6 figure high paying jobs. And we went all in on building this company together, and I think, like one of the biggest challenges, especially in the very beginning, was like this, like how scary it is to like
Kevin Kaspar: take a salary, and we we saved our tech stars investment to utilize for like marketing and like testing different channels and things like that. So we like we haven't even touched the tech stars money, except for things that are actually gonna make the business money.
Kevin Kaspar: if that makes sense, and you'll learn about this later. But so early on. We had an initial conversation about like, Oh, when are we gonna start to pay ourselves and blah blah and like, we were way too optimistic. And I think, like
Kevin Kaspar: that conversation. If you have co-founders, or you know, if you have a family at home, or if you're the sole breadwinner like, y'all should really have those conversations sooner than later, and also be very realistic about like the likelihood of fundraising or getting traction, or all these things. My my new venture finance, Professor always said, whatever you think you need.
Kevin Kaspar: it's twice as much, and whatever, however long you think it's gonna take, it's gonna take twice as long. It's like a rule of thumb. So if you think that you need a million dollars to like in revenue to cover your salaries and expenses at home and all that stuff. It's gonna be 2 million. And if you like, think it's gonna take you 4 months to get traction, it's gonna take you 8 months. So like real talk, Lisa, me and Sergey, we all have kids, we all mortgages. We all have
Kevin Kaspar: lives outside of our our startups, and we thought that we were gonna start paying ourselves when, like May or something ridiculous.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I I think July or August, but
Kevin Kaspar: That was the second time we pushed it back.
Kevin Kaspar: We like, we're like, Oh, we're gonna start paying ourselves as soon as we get funding, and then we did it, and then we.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I'm trying to remember who said that. But someone might have been Matt or someone else's. Maybe multiple people actually said that that at some point there's gonna be, or everyone will get to that point where you think you're the incredible exception that will birth the baby in 3 months. But the baby actually is, gonna no matter how good you are, the baby's gonna take as long as it takes to grow
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: and I definitely feel like I'm guilty of that, for sure, because the 3 of us are all very experienced in our respective industries. So I totally went in thinking, Yeah, we've got this. Of course, we can like
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: have traction and build this and raise and do all the things super easy. But yeah, start up life very, very different, basically on than like working for bigger companies and corporations.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: So I think that reality. So while I went all in thinking, it's it's worth it. And I would do it again. I also now know that maybe the time after text us where we thought we'd just raise right away, and we thought we have traction right away that all just takes a little longer, and I think it was the same for everyone in our cohort when we got back together afterwards we all kind of realized like, oh, shit! The reality is exactly like everyone said.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: and we didn't want to hear. It takes longer than you think. And so in that sense, I think.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: preparing yourself financially for that. However, you need to do that.
Kevin Kaspar: You have a regret or a challenge that you face that you want to share.
Kevin Kaspar: I think. Well, that's like piggybacking on Lisa. It's like we really thought that we were gonna go through techstars and be like badasses. And we're gonna sell the shit out of our company. And then the reality is like, how many customers have we had in the last 2 months like 10 customers, and we're B to C, so like our customers aren't like enterprise. Multimillion dollar deals. It's just like you going on a trip to Hawaii. That's like one customer
Kevin Kaspar: and so I think it was like a big reality check, and I think I wish we would have like looking back. I wish we would have just been more real with ourselves, so that we could better prepare for not having an income right now. But now we're like
Kevin Kaspar: the thing that Andrew said earlier about channel distribution, and like trying to figure out how to get that Channel partnership going. We have figured that out in the last 2 weeks we've been having insane like conversations, and it's been getting the investors super interested. Now, investors are coming to us. And so we're about to fundraise and we'll start to pay ourselves again.
Kevin Kaspar: But like dude, we thought, we're gonna pay ourselves in May. And then we thought, we're gonna set pair ourselves in June. And then we thought, we're gonna pay ourselves in August. And now it's October. And we're like, still fucking poor. So like, I don't know how we're making ends meet. And our our significant others basically hate us right now. But yeah, like, we had to get real about how long it was gonna take. And
Kevin Kaspar: that's pretty little bit. Yeah, I think yeah, y'all is
Kevin Kaspar: have a conversation, and it's gonna be a hard one.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay? So I'm gonna start with the biggest regret, or mistake. And I have 2. I have a really tactical one, and I have a more abstract one. The really tactical one is in the beginning. In those 1st few weeks in which you are right now you have a lot of one and a half hour blocks of workshops, and in between them you have some time off, maybe 1 h, half an hour, 2 h, whatever it is.
Kevin Kaspar: I did not make the most of those and because of that, because I was trying to take in all that was being said. I didn't sell, which is my job in my in my business as much as I should have, and and I believe Mark has also expressed my co-founder that he didn't code as much as he could have. I don't know if I would have done it differently, because I feel like, you know, focusing on learning as much as possible is the best.
Kevin Kaspar: But I did notice a significant dip in our traction in that period, and we're kind of to a certain extent still finding our way out of that slum. It's definitely not the fault of the program, but I feel like. Now, looking back, I think if I were to do the program again, I could do
Kevin Kaspar: maybe 20% more with that time. So that's the very tactical one, the more still digesting the overall amount that we're throwing.
Kevin Kaspar: I think, in my opinion.
Kevin Kaspar: What I should have cut
Kevin Kaspar: was
Kevin Kaspar: all the overthinking about communications like my investor updates my weekly updates.
Kevin Kaspar: Just took me way too long to write. I did not have the luxury of spending 5 or 6 HA week doing that, and I felt like I had to. I considered doing a weekly blog like a like Lisa, and I realized that it would be the worst thing that I could possibly do, because I was overthinking that so I I should have been a little bit less perfectionistic about communication. External communication
Kevin Kaspar: and I think that would have given me more time. And that's my personal thing that I could have cut. Yours is probably something else. Yeah, time management is hard
Kevin Kaspar: and on that note, you know, 3 months of tech stars. I didn't go to the gym once, and I normally go 3 times a week in my time off. So you know, it was a huge change. I gained weight. I wasn't feeling very healthy. So do that. Don't sacrifice that. Don't sacrifice that. I guess they are kind of the same. If you think about it, take care of your time, make sure. But we do tell you that you're supposed to take time off from working in your business to work on your business.
Kevin Kaspar: so you are supposed to give yourself the permission to do that because you wouldn't have been able to find the pivot otherwise. And then making sure you prioritize your health. It's huge. Yeah, exactly
Kevin Kaspar: I would have lost I would have lost with the business would not possibly not be here. It would definitely not be worth now if I hadn't done that so over indexing in the other direction
Kevin Kaspar: might make you not make the most out of Texas, which is worse. Arguably, I feel like I was pretty close to the ideal. If you think of like a dial or a spectrum, or something, and let's say we have to be in the middle. I feel like I was like, just a little off center it could have been much worse, though, so I still, you know, think we did a reasonably good job, but it's tough. And so, you know, if you feel like you're not making the right decision.
Kevin Kaspar: I mean you can. You can. You can adjust. Also, during the I I figure I I think, like by a month.
Kevin Kaspar: 2, 2, and a half.
Kevin Kaspar: We had it down, and I I got better. I got better at that. So yeah, you know iterate and adapt on the fly as well. I think you guys need to hold yourself. Your other classmates accountable for personal health and making sure that whatever those habits are, I've had people do like accountability groups. Or you know, what do you call like the health group that you usually yeah, I've had founders do health club together where it's just like.
Kevin Kaspar: Hey, we I already saw you guys do that with mental health. But it's like, Hey, I want to make sure that I'm exercising eating. Whatever your personal goals are just having accountability will help avoid what nutri said, we progress. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, cool. Actually, like, now that you say that we would take coffee breaks, we would take them together. Yeah, we take them together, we force each other. Yeah, yeah, that's true. And we walk around like, Mary.
Kevin Kaspar: I was like, actually something that we did all like, yeah, yeah, we did, we did know. It's amazing how your your co-founders and your cohort mates will keep you accountable. But you have to let them. Yeah, you have to let them. Otherwise, you're just like sitting at your desk trying to work. And in between workshops it's like so overwhelming. Yeah, it's hard. We were also often the last people to go home, which is not necessarily a badge of honor. I feel like it's it's it's almost like it's almost like you've been the most in a
Kevin Kaspar: effective, you know, of the whole of the whole. But yeah, exactly. So. So, you know we did. We? We held each other accountable as well, yes, exactly. That's really good. So we have like 30 min to let open it up to the room for you guys to ask questions. And then I have a couple to close out.
Kevin Kaspar: What questions do you guys have to be on this?
Kevin Kaspar: Well, I see one on the tip of your time.
Kevin Kaspar: I guess. Thank you. The 3 of you for taking your time out today. And
Kevin Kaspar: I think we may have read your your screening question. Actually. So thank you for that. Well, thank you. We're in a similar position.
Kevin Kaspar: so I guess. What would it be
Kevin Kaspar: so like when you said you really don't need into the jobs to be done. Like.
Kevin Kaspar: what was the moment when you kind of got to that?
Kevin Kaspar: Aha.
Kevin Kaspar: I mean, I like both of you. Yeah, yeah, I guess. J. Lo, you, said Lisa. Lisa was the Jtbd Queen
Kevin Kaspar: like we wouldn't be. We would not have gotten as far as we did with our insights without her, because she's like so deeply empathetic and just such a great interviewer.
Kevin Kaspar: Could you hear the could you hear the question, Lisa?
Kevin Kaspar: It was like. When did you? When did you know you were hitting like the Aha moment that ended up giving you that pivot out of the jobs to be done? Process.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Yeah, bitcher, do you want to go first? st You had the bigger the bigger pivot we had a little pivot.
Kevin Kaspar: Sure. Yeah, for us. It was the change of energy levels. Where we were fighting to get answers out of people's mouths. We like had to grab them with a tool, and like pull them out, you know, on on the one hand, and then we very slightly adjusted the target the speeding criteria from musicians. Yes, exactly. And we actually simplified to 3
Kevin Kaspar: after. Because we realized that. You know, it's some some of some of the things were not entirely relevant, we thought they would be. But the more we interviewed people, basically.
Kevin Kaspar: we found out about
Kevin Kaspar: what they cared about and what they were willing to admit to the world that they cared about. So in our case, specifically, I I have to make it a little bit about our case so that it makes sense. But you know, we were talking to musician about musicians, about monetization, and musicians are embarrassed to monetize. There's this whole thing of. I don't want to be selling out. I don't want to be talking about this, so what they do is they outsource that on the Boogeyman, which is their manager.
Kevin Kaspar: And so we realized that there were social forces at play, making them not even want to engage with our tool, even if they think that they would that it would help them.
Kevin Kaspar: And so we uncovered that there was this other group of people that had no such faults at all. You know, they have a bit of a renown for being sharks for being you know, not the nicest people around. There's a lot of movies and stuff about that, that the public perception is that the managers are kind of like lawyers, like people don't love them automatically, you know. And so for us, realizing that we hit the Aha moment was no of no.
Kevin Kaspar: I mean it went from it went from struggling to find 10 people to fulfill the assignment that was given to us by Texters to literally having to close the sign up sheet because we couldn't deal with. We had like 35 sign ups. And we're like running out of budget because they were paying those people, you know. So yeah, I mean, we really felt the market tip, so to say. We felt
Kevin Kaspar: probably the thing that people feel when they think of product market fit. You know it was not a product in our case. It was more like interview customer interviewee fit right? But it really like tipped like. Suddenly, we didn't have to push. We had to just accept, you know, and they just learned that. So remember the social, functional, and emotional. And we didn't change our product at all.
Kevin Kaspar: We changed the customer that we were targeting and a little bit. Well.
Kevin Kaspar: also a lot. Actually the wording, the wording on our website, the marketing stuff which Jlo also mentioned. Well, remember. So you get those insights, and then you can either do product and or marketing implications. So it's like, sometimes one, sometimes the other sounds like Major already had the right product just selling to the wrong people. Some of you might have the wrong product wrong people. Some of you might have the right people wrong product. So we'll help each of you with your individual. But that was really well said, Thank you. I was, gonna say, because Lisa has.
Kevin Kaspar: we'll say it better. But I'll just say like, when we started our Jtvd, our screen criteria, we were way too generic and too broad and too like General. All the things it's like we weren't really honed in on who our customer was and who we were trying to speak to and like. What were those moments that
Kevin Kaspar: like that triggered something, some change in their life. And so when we started to kind of like hone in, we revise our streaming criteria, the final criteria that we ended up having was like.
Kevin Kaspar: Are you a traveler that
Kevin Kaspar: avoids the touristy destinations or attractions, and like wants to get off the beat. I remember, like it was something like really specific. And then all of a sudden, we had all these people like trying to like interview with us, because they're like, Yeah, that's actually how I travel. Blah! Blah! I hate these like tourist traps and attractions, and it just like drives me nuts. And so I'll let Lisa speak to this. But it was super interesting when we've made the pivot from like, basically, this generic, sustainable marketplace, which is what we applied to tech stars as
Kevin Kaspar: to what we ended up pivoting into, which is more like personalized regenerative.
Kevin Kaspar: basically a wholly a totally different business model. Yeah, targeting much different people. Right? And Lisa, I would say, like your problem different than muir with like the people you're targeting was more. You were targeting like vitamin. And then you figured out how to get to the painkiller. Right?
Kevin Kaspar: So you're on yourself, is it? Are you muted, sir?
Kevin Kaspar: What the main difference?
Kevin Kaspar: The icon is not very similar.
Kevin Kaspar: Hold on. Let let us reconnect to the speaker, Lisa. One sec.
Kevin Kaspar: Can you say something again, Lisa?
Kevin Kaspar: I think, she said. Surely
Kevin Kaspar: yeah, it works. I just shut it off or the phone?
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, just turn on and on. Lisa will turn off and on. The speaker. Just give us a sec.
Kevin Kaspar: Her brain doesn't go green. So it's on your side.
Kevin Kaspar: It probably was on her end. Yeah, we'll give her a second, so you can go ahead and see. It's on her we had like opposite problems. Kind of where?
Kevin Kaspar: Oh, can I hear you? Network?
Kevin Kaspar: Yes, good day.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Okay? I think I struggled a little bit with the vitamin because it's travel right? It's not like your car breaks down things like that. But I think what our biggest learning was, or our biggest mistake initially is we we've seen so much research saying, like, 90% of all travelers want to be more sustainable.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: So we looked for these types of travelers like the sustainable minded travelers, and everyone obviously says that so I think our our learning was that, say, do gap of, especially when it comes to like, do good things. A lot of people would always, in every interview say, oh, of course, I want to be better about this. Of course I'm going to recycle. Of course I'm going to travel sustainably, but that's the beauty about
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: this process of interviewing. It's not an intention, right? You try to find the actual shift of a purchase or change that has been made.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: So it was much harder to then find those people. And the interesting thing that happened is, we dug into
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: all the things that are essentially what we've learned in the end the same thing. People just talk about it differently. So we learned that people want to like support local communities. They want to support local businesses. They want to like, take care of the environment while they travel. They want to be more immersed in the places that they visit. All of the things essentially the same that we set out to do. We just like talk about it very differently now.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: So instead of just having a sustainable or regenerative marketplace where people who already want to do that would go. We learned from basically every single person we interview who said, Oh, I don't want to be that American tourist, and I think, especially in the last few months, everyone has seen the impact of that American tourist. Like all the reactions for like places like Spain and Barcelona, and the water pistols and all that stuff. Just came to a total clash.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: But we learned all these people existed already. They just call it something completely different. And it was like a point of pride that we learned then. It was like lots of people saying, Well, I travel this way. I'm an adventurous travel. I'm an off the beaten Path traveler. I want to go where the locals go. So we what we did essentially is we just reverse engineered the thing that we wanted to do all along.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: We allow people to travel off the beaten path immersed in the local culture and do all this regeneratively. We just don't necessarily go out and say, book your regenerative trip. We talk about the things that they told us they want to do. And the big learning really was to to look for the actual action and not the intention.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: That really helped us shift and see a huge impact.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah. And then you took the words from your customers mouths and then use that as the marketing right? And it was in your product, Demo and all of that like they realized I don't want to be that American tourist. It's not something that the 3 of them could just, you know come up with out of their heads. You have to hear it from the mouths of the people who are actually experiencing that, and that's what I hope for all of you. That was great, Lisa.
Kevin Kaspar: I was. Gonna say, that's like, that's where the emotional energy was, too. Because we like when you're doing your jobs to be done, you'll find that there's like functional energy energy and social energy. And then emotional energy and like functional energy is just kind of like, Oh, is this convenient to me like not really a huge push or pull, but like when you start to get into, like the core of like what really drives a human, motivates them and forces them, or triggers them to change like. When we were having conversations and interviews with our
Kevin Kaspar: with our interview with our customers like people were like this, really like.
Kevin Kaspar: I don't want to be that American American force. It wasn't just like, Oh, they like you could feel the energy through the phone. And I think that's that was a moment where we're like, Oh, my God! All these people are like.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Dealing.
Kevin Kaspar: That's all.
Kevin Kaspar: You double down on that. And I think that that marketing campaign has like resonated with our travelers, and how we've been able to get our 1st customers and be able to iterate. I promise to be really brief. That that actually reminds me. You know, people might may say in the survey that they care about sustainability, and some do. But in the end, when you actually go to the interview, you see what they care about, based on how they say it, so they might claim. Oh, I I care about
Kevin Kaspar: environment sustainably, but maybe they care more about not being perceived as that American tourist. And so you have to learn. And we had this a lot in our interviews to maybe not always
Kevin Kaspar: trust exactly what people see like read between the lines. So we were seeing a huge incongruity in our interviews between what people said and what their actions were, they would say things like, I don't care about money. I don't want to think about money. And then I did this because of money. I did that because of money. I did this to get more money. I did that to get more, and I'm like, but they thought you didn't care about the money right? So like they are literally not telling us the truth, and they're not telling themselves the truth. Yeah. So don't be afraid to read between the lines when you interview people, and sometimes like maybe not.
Kevin Kaspar: Take everything at face value. Just go one level of abstraction debriefing.
Kevin Kaspar: That actually also has to do with B, 2 B. That's applicable for all the b 2 b people, too, like sometimes businesses, don't want to admit to themselves their own issues. I had that with a cyber security company in our 1st program like they didn't want to admit that they were having as many issues as they truly did, and that they needed to bite the bullet and buy a solution. Right? Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: so all of that is applicable, maybe B to C, so even though, yeah, these guys are kind of more. Yeah, another any other questions. I'm sure you guys have a lot of questions
Kevin Kaspar: you want to know from people who are 6 months ahead. Right? Yeah, it's very tactical. Thanks. Guys.
Kevin Kaspar: okay, how did you manage to source enough?
Kevin Kaspar: Jtv interviews like, how did you both go about doing that?
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, I I treated as a sales exercise. So I the 1st thing actually, I forgot to mention this would have been applicable to the other question, too. I posted about it in a in a Facebook group that was active with artist managers in it, and it went viral like it was the most like post
Kevin Kaspar: and I offered something like a hundred dollars for a for a half hour. Interview or 200 for a 2 h. No, sorry 50 for half
Kevin Kaspar: 100 for a full hour, basically and and and they and they went, they went pretty crazy about it. And at some point, when I dried up, I was like, okay, let's try another Facebook group. And it didn't work. It wasn't replicable, you know, from one to another. So I treated it as a sales process. I figured out a few channels eventually. What we did was I? I kind of hacked the system a little bit. I posted on a jobs board on a jobs board for jobs in the music industry.
Kevin Kaspar: And I said, I'm looking for a freelancer for research, and it's a position that you can. Only it's a job that you can only do once.
Kevin Kaspar: and it pays $100 per hour. So because of $100 per hour, it showed up at the top of the list as one of the best paid jobs. I put very front and center that it's only 1 h maximum. You can't do this for 20 h, you know. And and eventually, like, I, I kind of hacked the system. The funny thing is, funny thing is, the job Board didn't want to let us.
Kevin Kaspar: And so they banned us. They thought, like, this is like an abuse of the system. But then some person working there. Emailed me and said, You know your job goes against our terms of service, and I'm like, I'm sorry. But if you pay us X amount of money. We'll let you through. And I was like, How does that work? And anyway, the music business is like that. It's a little weird.
Kevin Kaspar: So get scrappy. Get creative. Wait. But this is like Bill, the Flip side of this. Hello! We're all founders, and we don't have any money
Kevin Kaspar: like who's making revenue right now raising him
Kevin Kaspar: one or 2 people. Okay, so yeah, this is like what Lisa loves and hates about me is that I do not want to spend money ever, unless it's gonna make us money and like jobs. Redone, you could argue, makes you money. But ultimately, like, if you can get it for free. Why wouldn't you? Yeah. So like
Kevin Kaspar: kudos to you for getting creative with all this up? But we didn't spend any money on our jobs. We done because we got super scrappy and just basically blitz the market and asked like we went through Linkedin, we went on Instagram. We
Kevin Kaspar: ask for.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: We talked to. We talked to everyone about it wherever we went every day, and we met some awesome people at an event. I think even a couple of the text Us mentors, we talked about what we're doing. And they all like, Oh, I travel this way. Yeah, I we can talk about this. So yeah, we just like, Non, stop talk to everyone we knew about what we were doing and what we're looking for. And a lot of people wanted to help.
Kevin Kaspar: But you are. BCC,
Kevin Kaspar: so it's it's a little easier to get people to commit time.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: That fake totally.
Kevin Kaspar: Our customers. The managers are paid a significant amount of money per hour, so getting them to commit to a half hour. A full hour is a lot more expensive. It makes sense, I think, what you need to tap into your network, though, like.
Kevin Kaspar: I mean, there were people like positive finance that were doing b 2 b plays and need to talk to Hr professionals. I'm working in tech for a million years now, and I have like 5 million friends that are all like Hr. Directors at Blue Model and all. CEO, post your screening criteria. Ask for each other to help. Yeah, right? When Brad, teach you the magic link tomorrow. You can use that for you guys.
Kevin Kaspar: you know this criteria exactly, and I don't use that. Use your network and try to be free
Kevin Kaspar: Demo day. So I'm curious, like after Demo Day, like your experience. And then how was like the investment you met during Demo day, like some relationships like, how would you feel about that experience? That's a good question.
Kevin Kaspar: So yeah, let me preface. So there's a reason that none of the alumni said that. And that's because Neil and I specifically downplay Demo Day. I think we said that in our very 1st call with you guys
Kevin Kaspar: because it's not 2,010. So like we, there's there's a demo day happening like every week, and Demo Day has changed for what it means. So it's a lot more of a significant event for you guys to come out to the community and be supported in that way. There will be investors there. There's a lot more about the artifact of finishing tech stars, and then having this pitch, Demo and QA. That you'll have set, send up to start your round. So it's much more about kicking off the round, and what comes after is much more important.
Kevin Kaspar: Did I? Did you want to say anything else about the preface that was perfectly safe.
Kevin Kaspar: But basically, what we've seen is that founders tend to open their next webinars, and we're like, act like it's a it's an add on, it's not. The only will not replace that.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, the programmer won't come back to. That's just one day.
Kevin Kaspar: So we had a unique position because Cicada was the tool that was used the demo day. So we had something like 1,000 visitors to our app from the people that were there in the in the room. I played background music at the event. And people were like, Wait, he's on stage, too, you know, like it was this whole thing. It was
Kevin Kaspar: well, we had a spy on the inside, which is, we had a few people that supported us that you know. We didn't quite go behind people's backs, but you know we pushed a little and so for us it was really a chance to show that we are capable of handling larger scale events.
Kevin Kaspar: And to show our investors that, hey? Maybe there's a use case outside of music in our case, investors are biased against music. It's a very bad field. Don't don't do music if you can in startups, because people will not want to invest in you. So we we open. Yeah, exactly. That's right. That's right. So actually, one of the best things we got out of them was that Chloe's testimonial? She gave us this enormous testimony
Kevin Kaspar: that is still on our website. And we'll probably be there until we die. Really great to work with. You guys know, any conference organizers or anyone throwing big events where there's a lot of information about the speakers on screen so easy to work with. They kept making. They made all these custom things for us like.
Kevin Kaspar: and it was mostly my co-founder. Mark was not here. Who did most of the actual coding work and stuff. But anyway, what I'm trying to say is that for us it was more about customers proving a new type of market. We did meet a few investors, some of which are now on our investor list.
Kevin Kaspar: We did show off to all of our existing prospects that we were at Demo Day, and that we had this amazing visibility, and all of that. It was much more about that than about actually fundraising, but we also took a conscious choice not to fundraise right after demo day, because in our case we were not seeing the kind of traction growth. But we felt we needed to really go at it properly. I know the J. Lo is experiencing their business, experiencing a lot. I'm gonna let you talk talk about that. But
Kevin Kaspar: but like we took the conscious decision to not fundraise immediately. Of course, if somebody came up to us at Demo Day and was like, I really want to talk about, we would have taken that but but yeah, so Demo day is what you make of it. That's the short. That's the long and short of it. Each of you will have your own objective or goal for Demo Day that will like set with each of you so mutual, decided that you wanted to gain customers from it, and it sounds like it happened. And it was
Kevin Kaspar: so. You know, it's not fundraising for every single one of you. Some of you want exposure. Some of you want actual customers to close, and some of you want investment. So whatever that is or means to you, we'll try to help you succeed with that?
Kevin Kaspar: What do you think? Okay, so I agree. I don't think what I think. Demo Day. You think that there's going to be a lot of investors there, and at the end of the day there will be investors and people will be like, there'll be people in the network that will connect you with investors. But that also wasn't really our objective. I think we really wanted to showcase our product and what we were doing differently
Kevin Kaspar: and travel for consumers. And the artifacts, like the production is so high quality and we were able to put together this video that we share on Linkedin we share on our website. If you go to our website, you can see it as well.
Kevin Kaspar: was amazing because we have in-house production in spring.
Kevin Kaspar: But we also got a really great recording of our pitch which we still use today. So I'm part of climate based. It's a fellowship for climate professionals and basically you can like pitch caps on projects for people work on stuff for free. It was great. But it's free labor. So like not even just sending it to investors. There were other reasons to have it. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: like, free anything you can get great. So you can use it for many things. You can also use it for customers. A lot of b 2 b people will use it like, Hey, here's me explaining my company, you know, like, there it is.
Kevin Kaspar: Investor updates. I mean, really, it's an artifact. And it's there to support you. And I think if you go on a demo day thinking you're going to meet a million investors. I think that's like the wrong intent. Demo Day should be really to be the day that you showcase your product and really like Hone in whatever your pivot or product is
Kevin Kaspar: at the end of this program, because there will be so much change if you didn't change after this 3 month program.
Kevin Kaspar: And, Lord, I don't know like what Andrew was saying. You know it's like a humbling experience, as you will
Kevin Kaspar: realize that you don't know what you don't know, and that you check yourself or on soft phone. So yeah, I would just say, like, Use your demo day pitch video for, like
Kevin Kaspar: Pr or getting in front of customers and also recruiting people. Yeah, it's truly just a saturation issue. So like we'll invite them. But you can't promise to have like hundreds and hundreds of investors, because they don't want to come to these things all the time anymore. We do have Sylvia on our team. Who's like our secret weapon, who will work with you as you have graduated, and then introduce you to investors as you hit the investability according to her criteria, that she'll explain tomorrow.
Kevin Kaspar: I I was gonna say, it's you know, investing is a or getting investment is a numbers game which I'm sure you all know. And so, if you imagine, just imagine, with me, do a little mental exercise that you have, how many investors in San Francisco, and I say 100,000. It's it's less than that. But it's a you know
Kevin Kaspar: how many of them do. How many of them do your field right? Because maybe our games I see from your shirt. And maybe you know I was in music and travel. I don't know. Maybe 10% of that. If you're lucky. You know how many of them do your stage, maybe 10% of that, you know. And and you narrow it down. And you get to something like, maybe one in 50 investor is really interested in talking to you. So if there's gonna be 100 investors a demo day which is extremely optimistic because there's 400 people
Kevin Kaspar: there. Then, like what you get 2 people that we can talk to, you know, like, realistically, the numbers
Kevin Kaspar: don't necessarily make it? Likely that you will have the perfect investment room. It's possible it's possible. But you should focus on your own pipeline. Bring the people there that you think are relevant for your field and your stage. I kind of failed at this. I I tried so so many people I invited like 50 people, and I think 3 showed but maybe you can do better than me. So yeah, that's my advice. Focus on your own pipeline.
Kevin Kaspar: Does anyone else. Yes, so much for coming and talking to us.
Kevin Kaspar: So how do you make the best out of the prepare for it? And also curious whether you so much with mentors and the frequency, etc.
Kevin Kaspar: Yeah, my prep workshop is Friday. I had a meeting with a mentor for Mentor madness yesterday. So what? What's the best advice you could give, so I'll give them a whole workshop on Friday with the rundown, but maybe high level, like any mistakes you made regrets you have, or advice for them. I feel like we did a really good job, mentor madness. Personally.
Kevin Kaspar: I was exhausted by the end. It was very long. It was 2 weeks, basically, almost.
Kevin Kaspar: And by the end I couldn't really take in the feedback. So I think the best thing we did was we wrote down everything. We we took a page out of J. Lo's package, and everything was very properly documented. So we went back and reviewed it. And we still have stuff to review. Now, you know, 3 months later. So so there's there's gonna be a lot also.
Kevin Kaspar: don't necessarily do it. You'll say that don't necessarily do everything they say, because you will get the whiplash. The conflicting advice. We knew this, so my co-founder and I are musicians. We went to master classes. Master classes are singing music. You go, and you play for a professional, and they tell you something like a Guru, and you would never argue with a Guru. But you also cannot do everything that every Guru says, because you will end up not doing anything because they contradict each other all the time. So I, I, you know, be aware that that will happen just because they are mentors and mentor. Madness doesn't mean they know your business better than you.
Kevin Kaspar: We went a little bit into mental work Flash yesterday. So they are a little bit. Friend, yeah, what about you guys, Lisa or Jennifer?
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Or I only heard half of the question, how do you prepare for mental madness, or what to make out of it?
Kevin Kaspar: Your advice to make the most out of it. And do you still talk to any of those mentors? That's what she was asking.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Yeah, I think
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: the advice you probably do a lot of that still is kind of divide and conquer. Do your research. But
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I think, also see it as the beginning of a relationship. So it's more like a a 1st date. And you see, like, if anything and anyone resonates with you great like, stay in touch, build that relationship. We met up with a couple of them in person throughout the program. We just like Mitchell, we still reach out. Sometimes when we we have a moment, we're talking about something specific, and we're like, Oh, there was this one person remember talking about that we should reach out.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: So I think, seeing it as the the start of a great possibility of amazing mentor relationships that you can kind of choose from
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: showing up being being a good person like, be nice to them. So they want to hang out with you again.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: And yeah, take it all with a grain of salt. I think.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: it doesn't like, Mitch has said. You don't have to apply at all. You just kind of hear them, and like
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: you can even challenge them if you feel like that's helpful and like make it an interesting discussion. But other than that, I feel like you just kind of get through the 2 weeks. Try and make the notes to remember who's going to be helpful for what and when you want to get back to it.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: And then you'll have time much later, like throughout the the program. And even after when you will want to get back into some of that, and like reconnect with people.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: but don't know anything just like.
Kevin Kaspar: Lisa can challenge the mentors because she's so polite. I usually tell founders don't do that because it usually comes
Kevin Kaspar: not very tight.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Well, maybe not challenge in the sense of that's bullshit. But in the sense of like, really why, why would you say that? Or like in an interesting question, maybe
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: or not, or don't challenge anyone at all.
Kevin Kaspar: My templates for mentor madness to you. I am going to show them. Okay, cool. Alright, here's the work for you. So you are you got this resource?
Kevin Kaspar: We really encourage like dividing and conquering on the mentor research because they're quite a few. You all will be meeting. Jayla led the charge again. Like everyone, everyone needs a spreadsheet, though, session. So I'll prep you guys this Friday. But we'll do a tactical session on how to research and prepare.
Kevin Kaspar: I'm specific. That'll be in week. 2.
Kevin Kaspar: It was a great question. Okay, yeah. Okay. So also, by the way, all these mentors are here like, they're industry professionals, which means that they're probably pretty high up in what they do, which also means those are probably angel investors, and if you really like them, or if they really like your product, or, if you like, have some sort of resonating, I don't know relationship. Add them to your investor update, and they will indeed
Kevin Kaspar: ask, oh, yeah, ask to add them to their investor update. And a lot of times the people that really love what you're doing will say yes, and like as a CEO, you're sending these emails out every week, and I'll tell you like so many of our mentor madness mentors
Kevin Kaspar: have like, commented. There are biggest cheerleaders. They give us advice when we have like questions about apps. You have to make apps. They they come in. They'll let you like. Oh, I can connect you with this person. This is this person. And also now that we're going to a fundraise like we have some of our mentor madness. People that are like
Kevin Kaspar: actively engaging with us to like potentially make an investment and so like, you just never know where things are gonna end up. And so I would just say, Let's build those relationships. Show how bad ass you are, and you never know where your investments are going to come from. That's really cool.
Kevin Kaspar: So we have time for one more question. If anyone here has anything else about the program you're burning to know.
Kevin Kaspar: Okay, I'll ask the last question, which is, what do you wish that you had known when you sat on their seats? Just like I asked Andrew. And just like party advice. I have one, I have one. It goes by so fast.
Kevin Kaspar: so fast, make the most of it, and really like like.
Kevin Kaspar: don't waste a moment, cherish the time with your with the rest of the cohort cause. It's still hybrid. Right? Cherish the time with the rest of the cohort. It's going to fly by and and if you have any bit of energy left in you at the end of the day, go out, meet them, you know, have some drinks, whatever it is.
Kevin Kaspar: It's just really it's it goes by so fast. Even. I I wish I could just do it all over again to be honest with you. That's really good advice, and most of the founders say that at the end, like Lincoln, you'll miss it. Kind of thing. Yeah.
Kevin Kaspar: Lisa, maybe you next.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Yeah, I think same. Everyone told us, make the most of make the most of it, and that mostly means the people around you but also the mentors. I think everyone and and Liliana Neil, everyone make the most of that. Spend time with them when you can, and
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: I think.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: be humble enough to to just not know anything.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: And it's similar to what Andrew probably said around the the financial model. I tried to do that with everything like I wasn't particularly keen on the financial model, to be honest as a creative. But like I tried to go in every single workshop
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: with a blank slate and like being open to learning something. And I read like 3 books at a time. I went hard in book, club and in in the podcast and the things. And like, I just wanted all the input and to just take it all in and then later decide for myself, then what will stick and what doesn't, but just to just take it all in, they all really amazing people telling you all the cool stuff
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: and ask for it. I don't know if that's a German trait, but I have a really hard time asking for help, and I was flawed every every day during the Texas program and beyond how willing people help. And I don't know if that's just a text. Us thing, it's the the whole give 1st is really, really true, but also in the vicinity of Texas. I felt like
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: that. That was like really amazing to me. Every time like, ask for the things that you feel like you shouldn't ask for, because people are incredibly generous and really all willing to help you out.
Kevin Kaspar: That's lovely. And you did such a great job because you mastered so many things that would have been outside your real house from what you defined as your box.
Kevin Kaspar: She really leaned into her
Kevin Kaspar: discomfort. She doesn't come from startup life, and I come from startup life. And so for her everything was like, wait, why are we doing this? And I hate everything about this. But she ended up becoming like one of the all stars of tech stars. I agree. So yeah, for me, like, I think the things that I wish
Kevin Kaspar: that workshop that I put on earlier today like, do everything like that is what you really need to do. But for real, though, like whoever is going to be like the organizer, or whatever like y'all need like you. This is what you make you get what out of it, what you put into it, and so like
Kevin Kaspar: you collectively, are as strong as you want to be and I guess, like the only thing that I will double down on is, do not be afraid to box or kneel
Kevin Kaspar: and build that relationship, because.
Kevin Kaspar: honestly like he won't give you the answers, but he'll pull it out of you in a way that I don't think anyone like you for sure do. But like he doesn't just like he like, just does these like mind checks with you and basically forces you to really think about your business in a way that like
Kevin Kaspar: takes you to a whole nother level. I don't know. I don't think that it would be where we are right now if we had a bunch of program, and had Neil pushing us to be as good as we are.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: And you hated it like Adhd. Jen over here really didn't want to do it. She kept begging Neil to just talk to us and meet in person and get on a call, and Neil's like, no, give it a try. Give it a try. You can do it, Jen. And it's yeah. I think if you feel weird about box or whatever it is that that people will throw at you in the next 3 months, just to be open to it. It's all
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: if if they they know what they're doing, and it's all for a reason, and it'll pay off in the end.
Kevin Kaspar: Yes. Okay, well, let's get around with
Kevin Kaspar: you, miss you. Okay. One second, I'm sure you guys can talk to them after this.
Kevin Kaspar: But I have gifts for y'all for them. Yeah. So come to me. Okay, well, thank you. Guys so much for your time. Okay.
Kevin Kaspar: you can't
Kevin Kaspar: do what Taylor said, and self organized. Hang out! We want this night open for you guys.
Kevin Kaspar: Bye.
Kevin Kaspar: what's up.